Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
Let's go ahead and look at some of the things that are happening in the news, what's going on around the world. Last time I was with you, the Lord showed us the lavender.
He showed us different flowers budding up all around the world, and it was concerning a new industrial revolution.
I saw flowers budding up in Russia. As I was looking at the flowers in Russia, I didn't know what they were, but they looked like little berries.
The Lord said, "That is lavender,"and I could see lavender popping up all over Russia.
But then there was a red flower that was coming up out of China, and I found out that is the lotus flower.
There was a beautiful, red-looking flower coming up out of it, but it had some kind of black mold growing on it.
There were tons of little plants all around China that were trying to take off, but because of communism and the way that they hold things back as a culture, they were not allowing the other plants to take off.
There was only one, and it was in Beijing. I could see this beautiful stalk, this beautiful flower come up.
There were three levels with it looking like this right here.
Do you want to show them the kind of flower? Is it this one? But it was actually red.
It was green and looked like a neon sign. It was very neon, with very beautiful colors, but it had black growing on it.
The Lord showed us all kinds of flowers growing throughout the different parts of the world.
I saw a beautiful flower growing up out of South Korea, and the flower was so beautiful and so vibrant in color.
This flower that the Lord was showing us in South Korea—now, that was not the flower I saw in South Korea.
That was the one I saw in China. The one in South Korea looked like it was a yellow flower.
I don't know what it was, but I remember seeing it was a different kind. It doesn't matter now because we have to move quickly.
I saw all these flowers, and it represented a new growth; a new industrial revolution was coming, a new plumb line.
The Lord showed us moving a massive boulder in the spirit realm out of the way of a river that was blocking it.
I believe it had something to do with laws and regulations, then bankers and things like that. It was a massive boulder.
We were praying and moving that boulder out of the way for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous, praying for the ones that the Lord instructs you to invest in.
He may not, I don't know, but just praying for certain investments, praying for certain things to mature and to grow.
The Lord said it's similar to what a lot of people saw back in the 80s and 90s whenever Apple was taking off with Steve Jobs.
If you would have invested back into Steve Jobs when he first started—Apple Computer and all that—and Microsoft with Bill Gates, just think of where you'd be today if you were one of the founding investors.
It would change your life; you'd probably be worth millions, if not billions of dollars.
The Lord said a new era of time is coming, greater than the dot-com era.
He said it's the digital age, a new digital age. I need you to go back to that article; a new digital age is coming.
The Lord said a new industrial revolution. Today we see this woman—I don't even know how to say her name.
Can you tell me her name? It doesn't matter, just play her. She's the head of the IMF, the International Monetary Fund.
She came out today and made a speech, and I want you to hear. Is she speaking in English?
'William Gibson—to paraphrase what he says—if digital finance is the future, the future has arrived.
It is right here, and the question is how best to harness it for the benefits of our members and, most importantly, for the benefits of people.
I'm so glad that the G30 is adding your incredible intellectual power to answer some of these questions, help us grab the opportunities and manage the risks.'So, she's talking about a new digital dollar, new digital currency, all this new stuff.
Digital currencies are the future; the future has arrived. This lady was talking about it last Friday.
They were having this meeting, and I thought that was interesting because it went along with what we were praying the night before on Thursday.
We interceded and were pushing the new digital age, calling for it to manifest for the people.
We all know it's coming. This is all part of the end times. The digital beast system will come with a chip, and it'll be in your forehead or your hand.
But the Lord said at the beginning, 'The people will harness it.
Don't embrace AI; harness it.'This is what's going to bring forth the beast system. We all know we're not going to stop it.
We can pray, and people are like, 'Brandon, can't we stop it?'No, we're not going to go against the Bible.
The Bible is going to stand like a pillar regardless of whoever thinks they can pray against the Beast System.
You're never going to change the Bible. The Bible is set in stone.
Period. It is the foundation of everything we believe. You're not going to change the tribulation or the end times.
We know that this stuff is coming. It will be a cashless society, a digital society.
You will not be able to buy, sell, or trade without the mark of the beast either on your forehead or your hand.
We know what the Bible says, and we know it's coming. We see more fruit of the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
How close truly are we to our Savior? We better be looking up, for our redemption is drawing nigh.
It's time to get excited. If you start seeing this stuff, I mean, digital currencies are the future.
It's like, wow. Kristalina. Kristalina. Well, thank you, I'm not real good at that. Kristalina. Whoever that is, I don't know who she is.
Maybe she's the head of the IMF, but I just thought it was interesting because she's speaking for the IMF.
Ready? Let's move on. Next. There's a lot going on. Now look at these two guys together. This is really interesting to me.
I told you a new Obama was being groomed, a new person that is being groomed by the devil.
I'm not going to say who it is yet, but I'm going to show you two friends singing to little kids.
This is the strangest meeting. I don't know who thought of this, but I'm just saying. You can go ahead and play it. 'Swish, swish, swish, swish.
The wipers on the bus go swish, swish, swish all through the town.'What a day to go to school, huh?
Wow. I didn't know what to say. I thought it was AI. I told Braden, 'That's AI.
There's no way that's real.'He goes, 'No, Daddy, this really happened.'I said, 'Interesting.'So, I didn't realize there were that many Muslim little girls in school.
Go ahead and play that again; I just think it's interesting.
I mean, they're teaching our kids swish swish swish now in kindergarten.
But Obama's hanging out with our friend Mamdani. I don't know.
Is that the only thing we can see? I just thought that's kind of interesting.
The dynamic duo together already, huh? The grooming of another antichrist spirit.
How do you push this? And why are they hanging out together? You know, you see this guy and Obama's hanging out with him.
'Let's be friends.'We'll teach the little kids, the next generation.
Do you have any more pictures of them doing stuff together? Is that it?
Yeah. I mean, you don't have to. We've got to move quick. We're already late.
There we go. 'Former President Barack Obama meets Mamdani, right?
For the first time before reading to the New York City preschoolers.'So, they are all reading them a story.
I wonder what book that is. They're all reading together and having a good time.
Obama and the kids. Isn't that fun? What a day to miss school. All right, let's go to number 2b.
Let's get them really programmed so they'll vote Democrat. Iran rejects second round of talks with the US.
So, President Trump said, from what I understand now, there's a whole bunch of fake news.
So, we don't know who really is right and who's wrong. All we know is there's a lot of fake news out there.
But from what I understand, this is the Jerusalem Post. Okay.
So, the Jerusalem Post is saying the talks that President Trump says on Tuesday—they're supposed to have this meeting and they're going to meet again and talk about the denuclearization of Iran.
And Iran is saying, 'We ain't having no meeting with you.'President Trump said today, 'If they don't do this, we are going to set you back to the Stone Age.'That's the word the Lord used.
Remember, the Lord said they will go back to the Stone Age. That will be their power grid.
I saw their infrastructure and I saw it was so bad that it looked like something out of a third world—I don't know how else to say it.
It looked like something out of biblical proportions of fires. The oil wells, everything were on fire. They were gone.
And I saw a new regime coming up and it was the guy with the gray hair on the sides with the bald head.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for this man because he'll be a target in the days ahead.'And I saw him being assassinated and he was that gray-headed guy with the bald head.
He's the prince, right? Yeah. Reza Pahlavi. So, we're going to pray for him again that God protects him.
I believe we're about to see Iran in probably within 48 hours.
I was interceding very hard for it last night when the Lord said, 'Watch the 18th.
This is a very significant day.'Does anybody remember me saying the 18th is a very significant day?
Put it in the comment section down below if you remember me talking about what the Lord told us about the 18th. Now, we prayed over Coachella.
People said, 'You didn't see a shooting in Coachella.'I said, 'I didn't say there'd be a shooting in Coachella.'I said sex trafficking in Coachella concerning teenage girls.
Pray over teenage girls that were dressed like hoochie mamas.
And I used that word. I said, 'Pray over young girls that are not with men.
They need to send men with them.'And I said, 'You need your big brother with you if you're going to be stupid and go to this.'I said, 'Pray over young girls during the Justin concert.'That's what the Lord said.
I didn't see a mass shootings at Coachella. I said, 'Pray over young females.'Young females. I saw girls dressed up not right.
And I saw them being targeted—targeting these young females about 19 years old, 20 years old for sex trafficking.
Okay, that's what I told you. Now, what did I say also concerning this time frame?
I saw mass shootings going throughout the land. Okay, I said it's not about just America.
This is about an a spirit that looks like a bull with horns and is black with a nose ring and it was being fed human sacrifice by abortion.
And I saw little embryos, little fetuses that as the child was more developed, the bigger it was considered more of a better sacrifice to this demonic entity.
Does anybody remember this? And I said as I saw this, it is about sacrifice of children.
I said you need to pray over the children. It's about sacrifice over children.
Okay? And I said, 'It's about this day. Look at Columbine. Look at these things.
It has to do with a Hitler spirit around this time frame.'And I said, 'Watch for mass shootings. Watch for it.
It's about this satanic demon that's requiring sacrifice for the Illuminati, this dark spirit over America and Europe.'Does anybody remember this?
This is what happened last night. Eight children in Louisiana shot. There were five mass shootings all within 24 hours.
One in Louisiana, a New Jersey shooting killed one and injured three as bullets fly near a 13-year-old's birthday party.
Five injured during a shooting near the University of Iowa campus. Sorry.
Six killed in the Kyiv shooting as the interior minister says the gunman is also dead.
They went into the grocery store. This idiot went into the grocery store and started shooting everybody in Ukraine.
This all happened within the last 24 hours. And this is what the Lord is showing me that it was pulling.
It's a demonic spirit that's attached to Columbine and Hitler, concerning the 20th and the 30th—the day he dies.
But concerning his birthday, concerning—and it's a spirit that is around this, and so we see the fruit of it.
I interceded until I told Diana last night, until it was like in the morning, praying for Coachella because they're on the Pacific time zone. So it was a lot later here.
So interceding for these young girls, interceding for this—Diana and I both, as a family, we were all praying for this Coachella because of how much pressure I felt on it concerning the spirit.
Now I don't know who we were praying for, but I know this: that I believe we have great results in the name of Jesus.
I'm believing that now. Like I told you all, some things we can't stop. That's what the Lord said to me.
He said, 'Brandon, the group of people that surround us a lot think we can stop everything.'And he said, 'What happened?'Well, if you think you can stop everything, what about 9/11?
It didn't get stopped. Certain things happen, right? So, we don't get down when it happens. We did our best. We tried.
There were many of us that prayed, and you can pray and go, 'Why did it still happen?'You know what?
Something's happened. We live in a fallen world. I'm not going to try to make excuses for you other than we live in a fallen world.
Some things happen. I don't get it. It's frustrating. Yes. But what else could have happened?
Yeah. We had five major things here, but what else could have happened?
What did we prevent that we didn't see? Now, President Trump had a major meeting on the 18th, correct?
He had a major meeting with all his cabinet at the White House concerning what's coming this week, concerning Iran, the next phase.
The Lord said there'll be one more round. Do you remember the Holy Spirit telling you all there'll be one more round?
I saw one more round and they would eliminate major leaders again, and it would be one more round. But in this major one more round it would be the end.
I saw a season and a window of revival coming forth into Iran with a major shaking to awaken the church, giving them opportunity.
And I saw troops on the ground going into certain places. And it didn't look healthy from what I saw.
The Lord said specifically to pray over them to find the WMDs, the weapons of mass destruction, underneath the mountain.
Like I always say, especially like "Back to the Future"—the plutonium and uranium we have to have to make our DeLorean go.
We're praying for them to find the stuff to make the DeLorean go.
I'm trying to make light of it, but it's very serious. What else did we see?
There would be a major uprising with oil as they say, "The straits are open, the straits are closed."We don't know if it's open or closed right now; all we know is what the Lord told us.
He said that they would claim certain parts of the world. They said oil tried to go over $200 a barrel.
Now, there are people that have emailed Diana saying it's hitting and selling for over $200 in other nations.
Will a barrel of oil go to $200 around the world? This is not financial advice; all in my opinion, what the Lord showed me, because I could be wrong.
We all can miss it. But I saw certain things happen with oil, and I saw that there would be a great rise in anti-Semitism all throughout the world when this happens.
We are seeing that anti-Semitism rise up right now against the Jewish people. The Lord showed us that this would happen.
With Tucker Carlson and all these other alternative media sources, it's major right now.
There's a lot of outcry and people are upset with everything that's happening, especially against the Israeli government.
We're seeing what the Lord told us. They're arresting this pastor in the UK.
The UK police just arrested another Christian for praying.
His prayers were causing anxiety to some people, meanwhile street prayers block entire roads.
Like I told you, great persecution is coming to the church in the United Kingdom in the days ahead. I saw it in Canada also—great persecution.
But like an olive press, I saw great revival breaking forth in these areas as persecution comes to the church regarding tax-exempt status and other things.
US and Mexican officials were assassinated; two cartel cases killed in car accidents.
Remember whenever I saw them driving in the car and I said they're going to take them out in an automobile? It was like a truck, and I saw these cartel members.
I said they're going to take out a major general in the cartel in the days ahead, and then there's going to be turf wars.
I saw this drug lord from Venezuela and Colombia, and they were all trying to find out who's in charge now.
I saw a certain cartel taken out by Delta Force and our mercenaries.
The Lord said, "I'm going to bring forth a correction, a cleansing of the land concerning traffickers and major drug cartel leaders."There will be a major turf war coming to Mexico and the cartel in the days ahead.
Just like the Lord said, they're going to get him in the cars. I saw them and I saw cars going.
The Lord showed us that there would be a cartel situation and I saw Delta Force; this was very serious.
I saw a man that looks like Antonio Banderas, a great new leader that's conservative, rise up in Mexico for the drug cartel to be dealt with.
I saw three major leaders being taken out in the days ahead. I saw mercenary groups coming in, hired by family members to find their children who are being trafficked.
I saw a young girl last night that was blonde-headed, and the Lord said to pray for this young girl.
I saw corrupt law enforcement involved in this and all kinds of things.
If you go back and watch that video, it was a very detailed vision.
Like I said, it felt like, "Lord, why are you not concerned about what's going on right now?"No, you've already prayed over that; that's old news.
That's going to be at the bottom of the birdcage in the next couple of days. The bird's going to use that as toilet paper.
He's spoken many times about the cartel and I saw mercenary groups going down to Mexico.
I saw a new Claudia being dragged out by her fingernails over the desk, and the Lord said, "I'm going to set this trafficking right."I saw a blonde girl being targeted as she was coming out of a club in Mexico.
I saw traffickers and cartel people in the back of a truck, and there's going to be an incident in Mexico.
The Lord said there's going to be a shaking in the cartel in the days ahead.
I saw turf wars coming again concerning the cartel—who's leading, who's being boss, who's the big guy on campus.
I saw more big leaders being extinguished. Major extinguishing.
It's happening. That's all we need to know. I saw three major leaders being taken out in the days ahead.
The Lord said these leaders would cause a major turf war in Mexico, Venezuela, Cuba, and these areas where the drug trafficking has been so strong.
If you remember, I went to Miami. I saw a stucco house. I heard a girl's name and we were praying for her—this girl that was going to be a narc.
We needed her to tell the information that she knew. We were praying for protection for her.
Remember, we're praying for the girl with the stucco house.
The Lord said, "Pray for this stucco house. Pray for this girl."She was a girl, and she was Hispanic.
The Lord said, "Pray for her."It was about her and law enforcement.
So, we see these things happening. Now, this is nuts. This is America.
Is that America? Yes. This is America. They're lighting our streets on fire.
This is New York City. Oh look, there's the mayor, Mamdani. He's right there in the center of it.
It looked like a circle; he's hanging out with them. Obama's on the right-hand side.
They're all having a good time. Look, Obama's driving the cart.
This is New York, and they're celebrating Palestine and all that.
This was yesterday, the 18th. It could have gotten really nasty, but it didn't.
I wonder if they were lighting a pentagram in the middle; that's what I thought they were doing at first.
So, I don't know. Just another day in New York, right? So, let's pray over what we have to pray for this week.
I'm thankful for every single one of you who have come out. I thought it was really cool: Glenn Beck did a video.
I sent it to Braden. I wanted to go to the middle of it real quick.
Do you have that Glenn Beck talking about the drought? There you go.
Okay. Prepare now. Not the beginning, the middle. I would encourage you to go watch this video.
This is probably one of my favorite videos Glenn Beck has ever done.
I even commented on the video and told him, "This video was phenomenal; this is the best video."Seriously, I very seldom watch stuff like that, but I felt in my spirit to watch it.
He was talking about what's coming with the drought. As I saw the drought coming across America, I saw the farmers were in trouble.
I heard, "There is no water. There is no water. There is no water."It was said three times.
I could see the tractors at a standstill across America. I saw another dust bowl coming; it was a major, major drought.
Well, go ahead and play just a little bit. Give them a little taste, a teaser. Wait until you have a problem with a dust bowl.
Wait until you can't afford food even more than you can't afford it right now. You care about the farmers.
You just don't see farmers, but they are probably the most important cog in the chain of this machinery.
The other thing I want to tell you is you've got to stop depending on this system.
You have to spit yourself out of this system. It is cracking under the weight of weather, war, or economics.
I'm going to tell you something about the Fed on Monday that is just shocking and horrifying.
It'll explain an awful lot of stuff, but it'll also tell you what's coming.
It is really important that you become as food-independent as possible. If you don't have food storage, you should.
If you have a scrap of yard, plant a garden this spring: tomatoes, beans, potatoes, greens—anything you can grow.
If you don't have space or you've never done it before, start talking to your neighbors.
Start a neighborhood garden. Share the work, share the harvest, and share the knowledge.
Get your kids involved. Put up what you grow. It's not enough to have just a whole bunch of beans.
Stock it up; learn how to preserve it. Stock a little extra when you can.
Prepare, because this isn't just about rain or fertilizer prices or market prices. It's not.
We are in a spiritual war, and I'm telling you, the very gates of hell will come against us in the days ahead.
Pause. But here, you see, I told you I was shocked by what he said.
I told my wife, "This is what I thought, without saying I'm ever giving anybody advice about gardening."For Glenn Beck to come on that strong in that 15-minute clip he did—it was a "wow."He talked about the farmers, the crops, the drought, and all the things that are going on.
Then he said he's going to talk about some things tomorrow. So, I'm curious about what he says about the Fed, but he said he has inside sources.
Most people have no idea where we truly are. This goes with what the Lord has warned us.
Am I here to scare you? No, I'm here to prepare you. I told you we are in the last of the last here, the beginning of sorrows.
Where are we? That's why I talked about tower gardens, learning how to grow your food, and having vegetables.
We have two tower gardens now that produce five pounds of food a week.
You put the water in there and the water automatically grows it. You don't have to have it outside.
You put the minerals inside and the seedlings in there, and it grows off the side of this.
But it's enough to produce five pounds, right? Did you show a picture of it? Look.
Now, I'm not telling you to buy one or endorsing this; I'm just telling you what we do.
Please understand that I'm just showing you. You always want to know about Brandon and what we believe.
I'm not trying to tell you to do it. I'm telling you what Brandon does.
You just have to hear the Holy Spirit for yourself. What is He telling you to do?
If you don't feel anything, then don't do anything. But whatever He tells you to do, do it.
I'm not here to tell you to do either one; I'm just telling you what we're doing. A lot of you want to know about what I do and what I pray over.
Some of you say, "Fast forward until we pray or take communion,"but I'm just telling you about this because some people want to know.
This is called a tower garden, and it produces up to five pounds of food per week per tower.
You can put all kinds of lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers in it. You put the water in there and it feeds it.
During the winter, you can put it in your living room or kitchen, and it has lights to keep it growing. It's kind of neat, huh?
So if there was a plague or if there was something crazy and you couldn't go to the grocery store because of a new COVID virus, you could go to your kitchen where this thing is growing your food.
I'm not telling you to buy it; I'm not selling it or trying to do anything like that.
I'm just trying to help you. So, to those that want to know about Brandon, does that make sense?
I think it's cool. You do what you want. Now, there's another thing: there are a lot of vegans.
I didn't realize I had 30% vegans watching me. So, there are a lot of vegan people out there.
Maybe you don't want to—my family, they want to have quail and rabbit and deer because we're carnivores.
We eat the carnivore stuff, but there are a lot of you that like vegetables.
I love vegetable eaters too, man. We can all hang out and bump fists together.
I think it's interesting because there's stuff out there for the vegetable eaters too.
My family is all into raising cattle and preparing for the end times. We just think different down in the south.
I guess there's some of you that don't think like me, but that's fine.
I think different. But I thought it was neat that Glenn Beck thinks like me, too.
And I thought, look at Glenn Beck. So, there you go. Go ahead with this.
What else is this? Okay. Now, this is really strange. Now, I want you to hear this right here.
Just give it a couple seconds. This is real. This is not AI. This is real. Okay. Start it. I don't even know where to start it.
Now, this is a breaking news story that's on CNN, and President Trump was involved in this this weekend.
Okay. Now, play the story and hear what President Trump said. Go ahead.
In response, I explained to him the clip that people just saw right there where he says he teleported to a Waffle House, and President Trump seemingly was trying to make sense of what I meant.
And he said, 'What does teleport mean?'I explained to him—I literally said he flew through the air 50 miles and landed near a Waffle House.
I had to literally stop in the middle. I'm like, 'This is real.
This is real what I'm saying.'And he's staying on the phone with you? Of course. Yeah. He wanted to know.
And then he pauses for a second after I explain it to him and he goes, 'Was he kidding?'I was like, 'No, he's being dead serious.'He says, 'I know nothing about it.'And then he says, 'I don't know anything about teleporting.'And I ask him again, 'Anything you want to add?'He says, 'No, it just sounds a little strange, but I know nothing about teleporting or him, but I'll find out about it for you.'I mean, it's incredible.
All right, but it is one of several extraordinary claims made by Phillips, who is a top Trump appointee at FEMA.
That's right. Erin, what really stood out to us in doing this story was this wasn't just a one-off claim.
Across multiple podcast interviews over the past several years, Phillips repeatedly described what he said are supernatural experiences—ones he said he encountered while he was medicated and undergoing treatment for cancer with a self-directed regimen of ivermectin and fenbendazole, which are drugs commonly used.
They're antiparasitic drugs. In one he said a deceased girlfriend appeared inside his car and lifted it off the road to save him from an oncoming crash.
Listen to him here: 'The girl that had died came into the car with me and she lifted me and the car up and out of the way from a truck that had slid across the road.'So, in another clip that we found, he described collapsing inside an Indianapolis Lowe's, then reappearing across the street in a McDonald's parking lot with little memory of how he got there.
He said his health app on his phone had 15,000 steps and he described it as something beyond a medical episode.
Listen to him here: 'I mean, the whole space and time continuum got all—it fell with me.
This isn't a health thing. This isn't my—this isn't the cancer.
This isn't—you know me—this is a spiritual thing.'And Erin, he also described the encounter.
Very interesting because this is what the Lord showed me about Stargate.
And there were things that I have seen concerning portals and Stargate.
And I said that—and if you go back to some of the things when I've been in prayer—I saw a thing made and that was really, really trippy.
And I said, 'These people are traveling through some kind of something.'And I said, 'I don't understand this what I'm seeing, but it is Nephilim technology.'Does anybody remember this video?
I have a short about it. The short's in the feed. I told you they were traveling through it.
It looked like Stargate. Well, this dude's talking about it.
And I told Braden, I go, 'That's the stuff I told you I saw, and I saw the portal and they were doing this stuff.'And you have it—yeah, you can play it. I don't go into detail because it's way out there.
And there's things I see and I don't know a lot of times what I'm seeing, but the Lord told me to pray about this and he shows me the portals—these things that are made.
I said the same thing in CERN. I said, 'CERN, remember?'Go ahead, play. I was describing to y'all what I saw. It was so out there.
And I told my son, I said, 'I'll do my best to draw you a picture of what I saw, but the only thing I can tell you is Stargate, the movie.'It was some of the stuff I was looking at and I thought, 'When is this happening?
How did this happen? Is this further in the future?'I don't know.
'Is this something that's actually happening right now?'I don't know.
I just know this stuff that I saw was so, so out there that it makes fossil fuels obsolete.
There's no reason for oil anymore. Oh, and behind the AI, I saw an oil derrick with three springs of oil coming off of it.
That was behind whenever the Industrial Revolution using oil and making things happen through fossil fuels. But the new wave will be different from fossil fuels.
I don't know if they'll ever make it public that everybody will have this new water technology for engines for their cars and splitting this technology or whatever, or if it's just military or industrial for like, maybe American Air or whatever.
I don't know, folks. All I know is the new jet engines, they were clean.
It was blue light. It was clean. There were no emissions. Everything was bubbling.
I tried my best today to describe to you what I saw of how the engine sucks in the water; it was almost a year ago. I could draw a picture.
I could show people these new jets and new car engines and new things that were made and they were beautiful, but it was like it was plexiglass, thick armored looking plexiglass.
It wasn't metal anymore. Like aluminum—the aluminum was in it and you could see the gears and stuff moving, but it wasn't the base.
It was something inside of there that was causing a reaction with the water and it was beyond anything I've ever seen like that.
Not because I've seen stuff like this before, but it's just more puzzle pieces with cryptic writings and numbers and things that the Lord gives me sometimes.
Mathematical equations—it's so interesting to me that he would speak to somebody who barely has a high school education like this.
And he knows that I don't know how to figure any of that math out.
He knows that I don't know how to make any of this stuff happen.
But he tells me and says, 'Hey, Brennan, I want to talk to you about something.'And it comes out of my prayer time.
Things that I go—this is so far out there that if I knew how to do it, this is bigger than the computer, bigger than Steve Jobs, bigger than Apple, equivalent to electricity.
It was equivalent to electricity just because Benjamin Franklin was flying his kite and it was the beginning of the Industrial Revolution of that time.
The Lord was saying it all spun off of electricity. Everything had to have electricity first through Benjamin Franklin that spun off and created computers to come—all this stuff.
But it all started with one man and one thought. Bottom line: Tesla, all the stuff, all came out of the electricity and the foundation of the technology that came out of electricity, about Graham Bell.
Graham Bell. So it all spun and dominoed off of one and started going, and it just kept going and going and going, and look how it all kept morphing and doing more.
Cars and plants and telephones and internet and all the things come off of—but electricity had to come first.
AI had to come first. Now quantum computing and all these things are going to be a thing of the past.
This is the foundation, like electricity was. Watch what happens with this, and the beast system comes out of all this.
I was just in awe a little bit more of something else that the Lord showed me, and I thought I'll let you in on some of it today.
I pray this video blesses you; I think it's kind of different.
Like I said, I don't want to keep going over and over. It was on May 21st.
I told you about this, and I said I saw a Stargate and I warned you.
I saw them traveling through portals, and they were able to time travel somehow. I don't know how they were doing this.
I was trying to tell you about this thing I was seeing, some kind of blue technology.
I said, 'It's by AI,'but they were using ancient tablets that they were finding in Egypt, scanning them with AI and using them with CERN.
Does anybody remember this? I guess some of it was right there. But I've tried to tell you.
And then this guy's like, 'Listen, I was transported; I was doing all this stuff and I was in a car.'I just go, 'Wow, Lord, that was on May the 21st, almost a year ago.'And here it is in the news; they're talking about it.
Weird stuff. And people think a lot of times, 'Brandon, you're on some kind of wacky tobaccy.'I'm not.
I love Jesus and he talks to me about things that are coming. Look at this; listen to this.
July 7th of last year. Switzerland is where I believe it's at.
They were doing a massive one in China, and I saw one in America.
I saw them trying to be built. But when they do this, something actually happens.
I saw a black portal that was created, and it was like Stargate.
It was really thin, probably about three or four feet wide—a black circle that you could reach through into the dimension.
I don't know how to tell you all this, but you could see the black line like a donut around it and through it was this live black particle.
I don't know what this was, but it looked like some kind of demonic portal that they had created with the Hadron collider.
They were getting information from that black portal. It was very dark and demonic because it was like a black hole.
You could stick your hand in it and go to the other side; it was an open portal.
Like I said, I don't understand all of it, but I'm telling you what I saw. The Lord showed me them playing around with dark stuff.
I saw them creating super stuff and human beings—just very demonic activity with AI technology and this new industrial revolution.
It was a race like the space age race. Everybody wanted to get to the moon first; this was an AI race.
Who's going to harness AI? Who's going to be the first to be the best at human cloning?
Who's going to make the first superhuman? This is stuff that should be illegal.
It was very dark. People were trying to be the best at splicing and making a better human.
Then I saw underground cities, major cities in China, and I saw bunkers.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, they know what's coming.'In these underground bunkers for the elite—the rich people had them—I saw lights and levels of different cities.
Mark Zuckerberg was one of them in the vision. I could see that he had an underground house, these underground places to live because they knew how bad things were about to get and they were preparing.
They called it the ark. Some of these places were called the Ark, for what they see in outer space and what they see coming on the earth.
They know something's coming and they're preparing for it.
They're scared, but they have their own sick agenda of being the elites: 'Well, you all may die, but we're not because we're rich.'I saw a different way of thinking, that they were going to out-survive the tribulation and all the things that are coming.
I'm just going over some of the things the Lord showed me. It was dark; it bothered me.
The babies and all the things I was shown—it shook me to see the level of darkness in human beings trying to create.
The Lord showed me it was like the Tower of Babel. As AI was being developed, there was nothing humans couldn't achieve with technology.
The veil that has blocked things in the past is being lifted through technological advancements, and the darkness is becoming more real than we've ever seen it before.
You will see gross darkness. When you start hearing about these animals going into zoos in the near future and they say, 'Hey, we got a woolly mammoth,'there's darker things afoot.
I'm warning you by the Spirit of God that there are darker things, and they may never reveal this darkness about these hearts to the public.
I just saw they were trying to find the fountain of youth. 'How do we live longer?
How did Noah live so long?'I was hearing them say, 'How in Bible times did it talk about the heart?'I told you they're going to try to create lab stuff, and we're seeing articles about these organs being created—there's things in the news in China about creating these organs just like I saw in July of last year.
Look right here. Japan moves, but they demand it in Japan; they said, 'We're not going to allow you to do it.'But China grabs a hold of it.
Look, see, good job, Braden. I told you all in July of last year. Here it is.
They're going to create stuff to make superhumans and make you live longer.
They're trying to sustain the fountain of youth. They want to splice organs with animals. I saw this in labs.
So, the Stargate and all the things I warned you about—it's kind of creepy to see it being talked about.
This is the stuff they just barely eke out to you, but the Holy Spirit's warning you.
I see a portal and they were reaching through this thing, trying to touch something on the other side.
It was some kind of demonic entity, and they were playing with fire.
The Lord showed me they're going to open this and this entity is coming out.
It's a demon, not an alien. They're playing with stuff they shouldn't be.
It was like CERN. So there you go. You created AI, didn't you?
Yeah. You did good. I had seen that beast. Oh, yeah. Good job.
That's it. That's what they do. They play around with this black thing.
It looked like lava, like some kind of black mercury. And then they would reach their hand through it.
But when they do this, there's actually something that happens.
I saw it was like a black portal that was created like a Stargate.
It was really thin. I would say it's probably about three or four feet.
It looked like a black circle that you could reach through to the other dimension.
I don't know how to tell you all this, but you could see the black line like a donut around it, and through it, this black particle was alive.
I don't know what this was, but it looked like some kind of demonic portal that they had created with the Hadron Collider.
They were getting information from that black portal. It was very dark and demonic because it was like a black hole.
You could stick your hand in it and there was... you could go to the other side. It was an open portal.
Like I said, I don't know how—I don't understand all of it—but this is what I saw. If it goes anywhere else...
but this guy's talking about being translated 1,500 feet or 1,500 yards, and one time he went 50 miles to a Waffle House.
He's talking about it and President Trump's friends with him, and President Trump says he is serious.
He's saying all this stuff and I'm thinking, 'This is pretty cool, I guess.'I mean, to me, it's on FEMA, it's on the news, and President Trump knows about it.
So, I don't know. Kind of weird. All right. You want to take communion with me? So, this is another thing I want to say real quick.
The video I told you all I saw, President Trump and they were using the NATO...
No more videos. We got to hurry. How long have we been going? Probably way too long.
55 minutes? It's too long. Well, this is my favorite part. The prayer parts work for me.
Dipping in the river and pulling it—it's a lot. It makes me tired. I'm probably delaying. Sorry.
But what I was going to tell you all, whenever I got through the last video, I want you to know my heart is for this country.
My heart is for President Trump. My heart is to pray for this nation with everything I have that we make it to the finish line. We will not be a goat nation. We will remain a sheep nation.
Anytime I'm telling you I'm seeing a warning to pray for President Trump's safety because of idolatry in the church, it's not me attacking.
I'm trying to warn you to stop it, to look to Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith, not looking at President Trump.
Yes, President Trump has been a godsend, in my opinion, compared to the other people we've had in the past.
Even when we thought George Bush was a good God-fearing man, compared to what I believe that we're seeing—at least him implement and help the Iranian people.
And yeah, there are people that don't agree with any of this stuff.
I told you it was Plan B concerning making America great again.
But what the devil meant for bad through war, God can turn it around for good to liberate the people.
I truly believe that, brothers and sisters, the 40,000 people that were martyred, mowed down by the Iranian government a couple of months ago—most people forget about that.
As they were protesting, the Iranian government came out and just mowed them all down and massacred them.
They showed the blood in the streets, and there was so much blood it looked like water.
It was like a thick blood-water all throughout the streets. That's sickening for what I saw.
People are trying to find their loved ones and they were just massacred.
40,000 people from what I understand, but most people don't realize or care.
They have short-term memory loss, you know. But we know all these things are happening.
And I know what the Lord has told me, that a great revival is coming to the people of Iran and Cuba in the days ahead, that He's not done with it.
There will be a great awakening, a great cry for souls in Iran, and we will see the underground church rise up with great miracles. Are we seeing that now? I don't know. I pray we are.
But as I pray for President Trump, it's to make sure that he always keeps the main thing and he always keeps vertical—that he doesn't go horizontal and get prideful with the power that God's bestowed upon him to have the most powerful military in the world, to have whatever he needs at his fingertips, but to always keep vertical.
Trump needs to keep vertical. And that's why I told you the Lord said, 'I will hold the church accountable for these blocks that are on his feet to get him across the finish line.'And how do we do that?
By praying for him—that he doesn't go horizontal, that he doesn't start looking at himself as something that he's not, a God figure.
He is not Jesus in the photo and everybody wants to defend it.
'Brandon, you're wrong.'No, out of the heart. There's things there that the Lord said you don't know.
And I'm not here as a prophetic voice, as a watchman to warn you; you are naive to what the Lord is telling me. A root of pride is trying to step in.
And the only way you're ever going to get there, with Franklin Graham and all these people coming out and saying how great he is...
I believe he's a great guy. Yeah, he has flesh. We all have flesh.
But the Lord said to keep the main thing the main thing and always go vertical.
Keep your eyes on Him. And what does that entail for the church?
To keep ourselves on our knees that we pray for him. We don't idolize or worship.
'Oh, Trump's the greatest! Trump, Trump, Trump!'No, Jesus is the greatest. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we have a man after your own heart that will lead this nation—one nation under God.
Under God, not under Trump. Under God. 'Well, Brandon, that's obvious.'No, it's not obvious to a lot of you. We get the emails.
Regardless of Sister Clipboard out there going, 'Man, you're not talking to me.'Well, maybe not, keyboard warrior. I may not be talking to you, or maybe I am.
But you need to get off your high horse and think about what I'm saying instead of typing away on your keyboard, always judging me.
I'm trying to tell you, get on your face before a holy God and seek Him, and He will direct this path.
He will direct Trump. He will do all that we need to do in the spirit realm.
If we seek Jesus—'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways'—then who will heal our land?
Jesus. He will fix it. He's the one that's going to fix all this.
Will he use Trump to do it? If that's what he wants to do. He could use you.
Doesn't mean he has to use Trump. He can use whoever says, 'I am here, Lord, use me.
Send me.'Some plant, some water, but God always brings forth the increase.
It's not you who brings it, and neither is it Trump. It's Jesus.
He will bring forth the increase in these end times. Jesus will.
He will bring forth the repentance. He will do this. But it's through the church praying and not exalting a man.
He is not Caesar Augustus. He is not whatever. We always need to give Jesus all the praise, and He will change the heart of Pharaohs.
He has the heart of the king; the Bible says the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
So we pray for Donald Trump. We lift up his family. We lift up his marriage. The Lord said specifically pray over his marriage.
The Lord said specifically pray for the safety of his kids and his grandkids. That's our job.
Would I love to meet him one day and give him a hug and say, 'Great job, you're a good guy, man'?
Just give you a hug. Do I agree with everything that you've done? No.
But it's a lot better than Bush, it's a lot better than Obama, and it's certainly better than the Clintons.
So we just go, "Hey God, this is who we have in there."We pray for him to get across the finish line, but he is not a deity.
Kim prophesied, Brandon. That's how many times Kim prophesied.
I'm not rebutting what Kim Clement prophesied. I love Kim Clement. I love his family. I'm not rebutting that.
I'm trying to tell you that regardless of what Kim Clement prophesied, it won't happen unless you pray him through it. Prophecy is free will.
You can prophesy over me all day long and say, "Brandon, you're going to do this and you're going to do that."But it's my free will to do it.
Prophecies don't force you to do something; you still have free will.
And it's still our job as a church to pray for him. Regardless of Kim Clement, R.W.
Schambach, or whoever prophesied, I don't care. As I said, we all can miss it. As much as I love Kim Clement, I'm sure he can miss it.
And if he was here today, he'd probably tell you the same thing: "Hey, I missed it before."Have I missed it before?
Is he a deity? No. He's a man just like Brandon Biggs. He's a man just like anybody else.
Can Kim Clement miss it? I'm sure he could. Do I know that he has? I don't.
I told his daughter, "I believe he's one of the most accurate prophets of this generation."And I still stand by that.
Now, do we always try to make his words fit when we think they should fit?
Yeah, people do. He's not here to defend himself; the Lord took him home. He's gone.
But where one general goes home, God raises up a new one and says, "Finish the race."And if that general goes home, God will raise up another one and say, "Finish the race.
Run."It doesn't mean the job's done. When a major soldier dies on the battlefield, God brings up another soldier to grab the gun and keep going.
And that's what we're seeing with this generation. He went home in 2015.
God's raising up new voices. And that's what happens; it's called the cycle of life. So, we don't idolize people.
The moment you start idolizing people instead of the Lord Jesus Christ, you're on the wrong road.
I have to correct that a little bit tonight. There are so many of you who are on the wrong road.
Look to Jesus. Stop idolizing prophetic voices. Stop idolizing ministers, presidents, and celebrities because man will let you down.
Jesus will never let you down. Man will fail you; Jesus will never fail you.
He's perfect and he loves you and he gave his life for you. And the moment we keep the main thing, we'll always be victorious.
But if we get off and start getting weird, guess what? Correction will come.
We have to keep our eyes on Jesus in these last days because many will see all these weird doctrines, doctrines of demons.
Men will be swayed by doctrines of demons, and the Bible warned us it was coming. Many false prophets will rise.
Don't allow yourself to be snared by false prophetic words and false teachings just because you see something.
I told you they're going to perform miracles in the days ahead. They're going to raise the dead in the days ahead.
And just because you see them perform a miracle and see signs and wonders in their ministry doesn't mean they're of God.
You're going to have to know and have great discernment. Just because they walk in the supernatural...
think about this: Pharaoh's men doing miracles and demonic stuff with their staffs and the snakes.
They threw them down and Moses's snake ate theirs, but it didn't mean they couldn't perform the same kind of stuff, black magic, and the things they were doing.
So be careful who you follow. Just because you see them do something, discern it.
Be vigilant to filter in these last days because we're going to be snared if you don't.
I don't care what they say. I don't care what they do. Always stay vertical and keep your eyes on Jesus.
Keep him the main thing in these last days. If you don't, you're in trouble.
We must keep Jesus first. And the Bible—back it up with the word.
Read the word. Read it and read it some more. And the more you read it, the more you're going to know.
The Bible says you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
So we can't be following prophetic so-and-so all the time and saying, "That's it right there.
That's set in stone."Find it. Read the word. Keep your eyes on him.
If it witnesses with you in your spirit that we're in the last days, then fine, keep running with it.
If not, judge it. Keep quiet and just be still. Don't be so quick to jump on AI and all these things that we're about to see—many things to snare us.
I hope that helps you because I feel like there's so much idolizing and weirdness.
"Erica said this, she has the blue eyes, she's Esther."I don't know if she's Esther; the Lord didn't give me that word.
You can't ask him because he went home. All we know is we have a recording of him saying something.
You have to just weigh things out and pray about it. It's healthy to really test the spirits, to sit there and listen.
I didn't say be a sister with your clipboard and be mean; I said test in your own spirit and see if it witnesses with you.
Is the Holy Spirit speaking this to me? Because I hear him just like that man can.
I may not walk in the gifting of a prophet or a watcher, but I know that He said, "My sheep will know my voice and a stranger's voice I will not follow."And those who are led by the spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
He didn't say be led by prophets; be led by the spirit of God in these last days.
You must keep the main thing the main thing: Jesus. Vertical.
I'm looking at you. Not all this stuff down here. There's too much static, too much noise.
I'm keeping my eyes on you. Crack this Bible open. Read it. Take communion.
Pray in the Holy Ghost. Sing songs. Whatever you have to do, but you've got to hear him for yourself.
I'm telling you, I see a storm coming. Now, if that witnesses with you, fine.
If you say, "Brandon, I feel like you missed it,"well, I'm human. I pray I didn't. I'm doing the best I can.
But please don't use anything that I say and go, "Hey, we're taking you by the word, Brandon."That's foolish.
Always judge the words even that I give and say, "Listen, I don't feel right."Okay.
I tell Sister Billye that all the time. If I'm wrong, rebuke me.
Tell me I'm wrong, I'm false, and I need to get right. I am never above correction from my elders.
I always tell them—from Billy Burke to Billye Brim to whoever—if you feel it's off, rebuke me and tell me.
I am your elder, and I feel you're off and you need to be corrected.
I listen. Give me a spiritual spanking through the Holy Ghost.
I'm not above correction, but I am against the keyboard warriors in the comment section thinking they have spiritual stuff when you don't even know the difference between the Holy Ghost or whatever.
I'm talking about people who are mature in the word of God, not people who have just been born again for two weeks and think they can correct you.
No, no, no. I'll listen to the elders, but I'm not listening to such a keyboard warrior on there. Be still.
You wouldn't know the Holy Ghost if he walked in and had HG on his head on a hat, Holy Ghost choir and angels behind you, and you're going, 'I wonder if that's the Lord.'I'm like, 'Yes, it's the Lord.'Just saying.
Not trying to be rude, but there's a lot of you that are very immature.
So, I say that all in love and I try to help as much as I can. And if you love me, you love me. If you don't, you don't.
Lord said, 'Man, there's going to be a lot of people that hate you.'And I said, 'Well, okay, that's right.
I stand with you and we do the best we can with what we give him, Lord.
We seek you and we will find you.'And my job is always to point you to Jesus.
You must know him. You must have a relationship with him. You're running out of time.
I truly believe as we see the signs of the times all around us, you must know him.
You must have a revelation of who he is. My sheep. Are you his? Do you belong to him?
There's many of you tonight that sit here and say, 'Brandon, I don't know him.
If I die tonight, where would I spend eternity?'Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
That's what my Bible says. So, you must know Jesus Christ. I'm going to ask you just real quick, do you know my friend?
Before we go on, and you may say, 'I don't know him.'But I want to pray for you because tonight might be your last opportunity as those eight children went home to be with the Lord.
There's so many people. There's perilous times all around us. And none of us are promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the very shoes you put on, the undertaker might be taking off that evening.
You need to know there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. And you need to know that Jesus Christ is the only way to the Father.
Muhammad won't get you there. Buddha won't get you there. No satanic principality is going to get you there.
The only way to the Father is through the Lord Jesus Christ. And tonight you have an opportunity to accept him as your Lord and Savior. I want to pray for you and just say a simple prayer right now.
And all you have to do is accept Jesus Christ right now and repent and turn from your sins and say, 'Jesus, I make you my Lord and personal Savior tonight.'If I'm talking to you and you're watching this right now and you say, 'Brandon, after the first half, you shook me a little bit.
I know I'm not living right. I've been living in sin. I've been going to the clubs.
I've been doing things that I know that I shouldn't be doing.
But tonight, I want to make things right. Tonight, I'm coming home.
Will you please pray for me?'I would love to. But you've got to get real with God.
And God's got to get real with you. The moment you get real with God, God will become real to you.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer, but I want you to be bold in your decision tonight.
And I want you to say in the comment section tonight, 'Tonight's my night. I want to be saved. Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.'You may have been a person who was radically on fire for Jesus at one point in time in your life, but over the course of time, you've leaked out.
You're not as full. You're not excited about Christianity anymore.
You went back to the vomit that you repented over in the first place and said, 'Lord, I don't want to be a part of this anymore.'And now you're back doing it.
But tonight, you have an opportunity to sell out to Jesus. You're like the prodigal.
Run to the Father when you sin. Don't run away from him. So, I'm going to say this simple prayer and I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're making intercession for me right now. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I repent of my sins. I ask you to forgive me for all I've done. As of tonight, Lord, I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on any kind of agreement I've made with the devil.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out to you. Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I ask you to invade my life. Create in me a clean heart.
Wash me with your precious blood. I do believe you are the Son of God.
And I do believe that you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I love you.
I dedicate my life to you. From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
If I die tonight, Lord, I know I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Amen and amen.'If you just said that prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ and you're born again.
Now, what do you do? Go to a Bible-believing church. I'd go to one that teaches the word.
I'd go to non-denominational. That's where we would go. My wife and I would go.
You go where you feel like you're getting fed. But either way, you must grow spiritually and find a church that feeds you.
Tell the pastor there, say, 'Listen, I want to be water baptized.'I would go to a church also that speaks in tongues.
There's a lot of good churches like Church of His Presence down south.
If you live down south, the Church of His Presence. There's Glorious Church in Collinsville, Oklahoma.
There's all kinds of good churches that are around that will teach you the word of God, that will teach you how to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Why Tongues? by Kenneth E. E. Hagin. There's so many good churches.
There's a church, Harvest Church in Tennessee, from what I understand. That lady there, Billy Burke, goes, and that's amazing.
He'll be in Toronto tomorrow at that church there, doing healing crusades.
There's so many good places and you can go and get plugged in, right?
So, I want to just encourage you to get water baptized. Find a Bible. Read your Bible every single day and pray.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't have a Bible.'I want you to get a Bible.
And if you don't have a Bible, we'll send you a Bible for free.
Just email us in the description down below and say, 'Listen, I need a Bible.'We'll send the Amplified, King James, and mail that Bible to you.
Hopefully, it'll be a blessing to you. I want you to read it if we give it to you.
So, welcome to the family. Sorry, I was distracted. I was trying to find out, Brandon, how many people got born again?
31 gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight. Welcome to the family, all 31 of you.
That's wonderful. All right. Now, we're going to take communion. We're going to move on.
I've already taken way too much time on that first half showing you the videos, but I enjoy it.
But we're always going to take time for the altar call. It's the most important time of the night.
So, we love you. All right. Let's take communion and let's pray.
Father, we just thank you for the body that was broken for us.
You were wounded for our transgressions. You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we are healed. We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we don't have to be underneath the curse of the law anymore.
Galatians says Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we believe we're healed by your stripes. And we take this right now in Jesus'name.
Lord, we take the blood. We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us. We rebuke witchcraft, incantations, chants, hexes, and vexes.
You will not interfere with this broadcast in any way. We plead the blood of Jesus all around us today.
We thank you, Father, for the angels. We thank you, Lord. They're camped around and about us.
We hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Anything you show us, Father, we are covered in the blood. We thank you, Lord.
The blood of Jesus covers our eyes and we will not be ensnared by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that if you decide to, Lord, and you don't want to tonight, that's fine.
But we plead the blood over it. And we thank you, Lord, that we're led by the Spirit of God because we are your sons.
We are your daughters, Father. And we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of us, we plead the blood over us. Amen. Amen.
Do you believe that? Do you believe it? Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of you.
How many here right now? Okay, so, all right. Let's pray over things right now. We're going to pray over Boston. Tomorrow is the marathon.
We're going to intercede for the marathon tomorrow, specifically the hospitals.
We're going to pray over the runners, all the runners running the race.
We're going to pray over our president and the decisions he makes concerning Iran this week.
This is a very vital week concerning Iran and Cuba in the days ahead.
Our economy, the wells, the oil, praying over our wells in the Gulf in Houston, in Tuttle, Oklahoma, our natural gas wells, our propane, and all kinds of things—drone attacks, mass casualties of multiple explosions, refineries on fire, big things like that.
We're going to pray against that. Okay? So, we're just going to be led by the Spirit of God here and we'll just pray, and I appreciate y'all praying with me.
There's still a lot of work to do here. So, Father, we just thank you.
We yield to you. We yield to the anointing of the watcher. We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are your sons and your daughters—every single one of them here, all 7,500.
We're so grateful for all the people that are represented here right now.
And we lift them up before you, Father. And we thank you, Lord, that this would be the best week they've ever had.
We call breakthrough financially for them in the name of Jesus. We apply the blood of Jesus over their finances.
We apply the blood over them, Father, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet. We plead the blood over their week.
We thank you, Lord, for healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory in their lives.
Thank you, Lord, for the angels. Every tongue that rises against us we condemn it and it turns and it falls to the ground.
We pray for those that despitefully use and come against us.
We pray for those that try to curse. Father, we bless them. We say a curse without a cause cannot stand.
We apply the blood of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for your angels. We see the small foxes. We see the big ones.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father, and what you show me tonight. We thank you, Lord.
Now, Father, concerning President Trump's decisions that he makes, I went to the meeting, Father, in the spirit and I was praying for the last one.
All right, I'm just going to pray in the spirit concerning our nation.
Because I don't know what to say in English. So, I'm going to just pray here.
It's like they don't understand the seriousness of the hour.
That's what he's talking about. Because I see 1929. It's like right here.
There's so many of you that are concerned. You must come up high every day. Come up to the throne.
Every day I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'You say, "I'm so concerned."'You must come up high every day.
There will be a lot of things, I hear him say, you'll not pray this away.
There will be a lot of things you'll not pray away concerning, but it won't have to affect you.
This is all signs of the times. But you can sail through. Sail like a sail. I see a boat.
Sail on calm waters as you speak to the storms around you, calling forth the finances to surround you.
You must rest in me. You must rest and stay in me. Rest. And speak into the seeds that you sowed from the past.
Speak into the devourer. Get out from under this. Claim back everything he stole.
Tell him, and he will multiply. The Lord will multiply. He is the God of more than enough.
Our God is a God of more than enough. He's an abundant supply. Everything you need, he's an abundant supply.
You're limiting him in your belief and the way you believe in him.
You're limiting him by how much you believe him for. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, ask, speak it.
I see it coming out of your mouth. Out of the abundance of your heart.
You're saying, 'Well, we're always going to live on the bottom of the barrel.
We're never going to get out of debt.'It's just mealy-mouthed always saying, 'Well, you know, dad had cancer, mama had cancer, so it's genetic.'Always talking defeat and doubt and unbelief.
It's become so routine. Even teaching your kids that way. Speak life.
We're going to be the best. We have more than enough. Our bodies are healed.
We're not going to have cancer in any of our bloodline. We don't have diabetes in our bloodline.
We're the head and not the tail. We're above and not beneath.
Speaking the things of the spirit, not of the things of the world.
I have what he says I can have. I have an abundant supply. God's going to supply for me.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
God took care of them; he'll take care of us. I don't care if 1929 happens tomorrow.
God's going to take care of me. I'm a tither. I'm a giver and I have seed in the ground.
And I believe he'll take care of me. He takes care of the lily of the valley.
He takes care of the sparrow of the air. He's going to take care of me.
He's going to take care of you. They're going to call a big stock market crash tomorrow.
Well, we're going to change it. We'll manipulate it. No, I stay on the side of faith.
I don't care if they call it Black Monday. All these things, 'A great recession has come.'No, I'm not participating in it.
Worse than 2008? You have to come up higher in your thinking.
Believe that he'll give you creative ideas for blessings for tomorrow.
Father, I pray over President Trump for tomorrow concerning his health, concerning his mind, and concerning his emotions.
We plead the blood over President Trump that he has the mind of Christ.
Father, I thank you that his children are covered by the blood: Over Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka.
I pray for them, Father, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it shall not come nigh them.
I thank you for every plot, every plan to kill, steal, and destroy.
I cover them in the blood in the name of Jesus. And Barron, the boys, Father, I thank you, Lord. I cover them in the blood, even Kai.
Every plot, every plan that is trying to come against him, we come against that in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around his family. I pray over his marriage, over Melania, and over him.
I thank you, Lord, for a strengthening; nothing is too far gone.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers them in the name of Jesus. We thank you for President Trump.
Lord, we cover him in the name of Jesus. We cover his ankles, his calves, and his thighs.
We pray for the blood flow to his ankles, his thighs, his arms, his heart, his stomach, his vital organs, and his liver.
We pray over his arteries and his veins. I pray, Father, that he lives long and finishes strong.
May all plaque be removed in the name of Jesus like a Holy Ghost roar.
Strong heart, strong heart, strong heart. Stress, depart. I see a political theater.
I see embarrassing moments coming with this, like what I heard about with that sentencing.
I see distractions about to come concerning UFO files. I see a distraction about to be released about UFOs.
It will just be the surface of what they truly know of this demonic modus.
This is about encounters. Do you remember when Joseph Z's wife said she had a demonic encounter?
I see these encounters from people; they are classified. It looks like a snapping turtle about to snap.
I see some dark things, and that is why I am asking you. There are these distractions coming; it is a sleight of hand that will be seen across the land.
We pray over President Trump today. We pray over his cabinet this week.
We pray over Boston and every Boston Marathon runner. We pray over any kind of planned attack over Massachusetts.
We pray over the event and everyone running in the Red Cross event.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Father, we call out any mass casualties, any kind of shootings, or any kind of planned attack.
We say in the name of Jesus, they will have so much fear inside of them that they will not be able to implement or carry this out in any aspect across this nation.
I see mysterious deaths like those with the pagers and the cell phones. I see another level of a hacker.
I see certain important people who would be in danger because of their devices.
You will see them mysteriously go home because of a device: laptops, devices, lithium.
Concerning lithium, I see small drones that look like a bug.
I see James Bond tech the size of a fly that has the ability to eliminate the right targets.
It is like a mosquito, mysterious and stealthy. I pray over our intelligence, our CIA, FBI, our president, and the Pentagon.
I thank you, Father, for weapons of war that we have never seen before, so that we always have the upper hand.
It is for defensive measures against technological advancements from China.
I see jamming technological advancements—jammers, computer hackers.
We need a better firewall, better than McAfee; I mean, McAfee is pathetic.
Praying for our NSA and our Homeland Security firewall concerning China.
I see deliberate, stealthy robot warfare drones. This is bigger than what you can comprehend.
We need better firewall protection for our infrastructure, our grid, our banking, and our military secrets, using AI like ChatGPT.
Hackers are going through devices to get through our firewalls. I see cell phones and laptops at risk.
I see certain backdoors for them to get through certain apps and ways of communication.
I pray for our political figures, our Senate, our House, and our military top brass.
Protect them concerning China, Iran, North Korea, and other foreign hackers.
We pray over our president, their devices, and their laptops.
We pray over our leadership. We pray for his cabinet and Karoline Leavitt.
Protect this woman, Father. She is covered in the blood. No attempts on her life.
Every plot, plan, or pursuit to kill, steal, and destroy this young woman, we cover her in the blood in the name of Jesus.
The press secretary is covered by the blood. The angels of the Lord are camped around Karoline right now, her children, and her husband.
Give her wind in her sails. She will finish the job strong. We pray over her health and her baby.
We lift up that baby before you. We thank you, Father, that baby is protected.
All 10 fingers, all 10 toes. We pray over that baby right now.
Regarding the stress: you will not cast your fruit before the time.
We pray over miscarriages and any witchcraft against this woman and the baby.
I break your assignment in the name of Jesus. You will not take this baby.
We pray over this baby right now, from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
You will live and not die. There is a covering over this child in the name of Jesus.
We say you are covered by the blood. The baby is alive and healthy.
The vine will not cast fruit before its time. We pray a hedge around her right now in Jesus'name.
The baby is safe; the baby is whole; the baby is well. No stress, no swelling, no pain, nothing.
We call out any contractions. We pray the Braxton Hicks contractions are covered in the blood in Jesus'name.
The blood covers this baby in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord.
Peace over this woman. Peace over Caroline. Peace over her right now as she sleeps.
Peace over Caroline right now in the name of Jesus. Over the baby: you are a healthy, full-term baby in Jesus'name.
Every body part—all ten fingers, all ten toes, the heart, the liver, the body, and the stomach—we thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Covered. She is sealed.
The blood of Jesus covers her. The blood of Jesus covers Caroline Leavitt.
The blood, a long full-term pregnancy. When is she due? May 2026.
Okay, so next month. It is a girl. I pray over a girl, covered in the blood.
Thank you, Lord. The child will be a blessing. We cover the organs; we cover her.
The Braxton Hicks—this is premature labor—we come against it in the name of Jesus.
Healthy, full-term baby. Not a preemie, not a preemie. We call for a full-term baby in Jesus'name.
It is the development of the heart. We praise you, Father. All chambers are strong.
Thank you, Jesus. It's going to be good. Healthy. Father, thank you.
Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. No stress. Be at peace. Sleep well.
Father, we just thank you for Caroline. We just praise you, Father.
Her life is healthy; everything is healthy: her blood sugars, her body.
Thank you, Father. We pray over the Braxton Hicks. We lift up the Braxton Hicks before you, Father.
Too much stress. Peace. Father, we pray peace over Caroline.
Peace over her. Thank you, Father, all the way up for the full-term baby.
Lord, we thank you. We pray over Boston. We thank you, Lord, for the decisions he makes this week.
I see it; it is like there is a wall there, but I see the light. I see Apple laptop computers.
Thank you, Father, for covering President Trump today. Father, we lift up Mike Lindell to you.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Mike Lindell is strong. We pray over his body, his blood pressure, and everything.
We pray over him strong in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord, that he has enough money to finish the race.
Father, I thank you that he has favor over Minnesota and that he will win Minnesota by a landslide.
We thank you, Lord, that he is gearing up and gaining steam. And I pray over the African-American man over in Florida, Byron Donalds.
I see his face. I see Byron. I see Mike Lindell, and I am praying over these leaders that are running for the governor's race.
You said, 'Well, Brandon, do you know these things?'These are just things I see, praying over these people. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah.
Byron Donalds, we thank you, Lord, for the wealth of the wicked is laid up for the righteous, and there is wealth coming.
We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord, as we start our work week.
Lord, we pray for strength. We thank you, Lord, for President Trump's strength across the board.
We thank you, Lord, for the parades and the marathon as we start our work week.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we are strong. We pray for our oil refineries in Houston and all across America.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that our refineries are covered by the blood and that we will not have mass catastrophic events caused by drones or any kind of sabotage.
We thank you, Lord, across our area for every planned attack on our oil infrastructure, our natural facilities, and our electric grid.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that everything is brought to light in the name of Jesus.
No EMP attacks, no infrastructure attacks on our electric grid.
Black swan events. False flags from the far left and the deep state.
I see something. Our president will not be derailed. Praise the Lord, y'all. I think that is good tonight.
When you don't know what to pray in the natural, that's why I am trying to figure out how to navigate what I'm doing tonight. It is just a learning curve for Brandon.
I've been specifically instructed by the Holy Spirit not to say certain things because He will say to me, 'Do not release this.'I hear Him before He shows me.
He said, 'I want you to hold this.'He has been very strategic on what things I have said and things that I am allowed to say tonight.
I see something major, something bad. So just pray for me to have clarity over the next day because we will pray again tomorrow night.
Usually I am very bold with this, but He said specifically, 'Hold this.'Then He gave me the vision. I heard Him very clearly. It was almost audible.
But I'm going to tell you, when I'm under this anointing and what I see, it is a storm—a very strategic, well-thought-out, very detailed storm.
As a person that is sitting on this side of it looking in, my flesh is troubled.
But I refuse to be moved by what I see and who is involved in this. And that's all I will say.
If you're a praying Christian, you better pray over our president.
Pray over these heads of government and pray for their wisdom. They need wisdom right now.
There is too much distraction—the Pope arguing and all this stuff—it's just distractions. Put away the cell phones. This is like DEFCON 5.
Praying over midterms going into the summer—May, June, July, August, September, and we are there in October for the midterms, six months away.
Praying over our leadership and these very important Senate and House seats or governor races.
This is vital to America for the next two years, and this is such a vital time to finish his term out strong.
I would say political theater and embarrassing moments are just about popular opinion.
Remember this, I saw the media—CNN, Fox, MSNBC—losing control, and it was the Rockefellers and the deep state.
This is about media because if they lose the media, they lose influence.
The influence of what people watch is turning to alternative media like Alex Jones and Glenn Beck.
You have to get a stronghold in alternative media. Because as this media loses control, alternative media will be the source. So you've got to get a foothold in alternative.
And then you try to switch it back to the ones that were your puppets before, because when the people's eyes are watching, it's influence on their minds, and they get the votes and the way the whole thing goes, right?
Through COVID, through all these 9/11 things, right? You see how it all happens.
It's all puppeteers. How does the puppet manipulate the thing?
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all. There's very dark things afoot in the days ahead.
And you must pray for President Trump's protection over his cabinet. A house divided cannot stand.
Strife and every work with social media, the tweets, and all the X posts and all the crap is distraction from this.
And so you see alien files, things like that. It comes out. But the main thing is to keep the masses distracted.
But it's bigger than that. There's something very dark. We don't want to lose our nation.
And the only way we're going to stop this is by true intercessory prayer.
And even what the Lord said to me, he said, 'Brandon, there'll be some of this that we will...'I heard him and there's things I'm hearing. He said, 'Some of this you will not stop.
This is to accelerate you into the birthing pains for the end times.'But it doesn't mean that you won't be protected and that it won't have nothing to do with you.
You can say, 'Hey, I'm going to be underneath the shelter of the Most High, the cleft of the rock.'Does that make sense?
You may see it around you, but you can choose to look at this side.
You can't stop everything, but you can choose to look at this side.
Does that make sense? It's that thin. What you're about to see is this: thin.
You can focus on the glory. Focus on the outpouring. What's your job of bringing in the harvest?
No matter what, this side is getting really dark. You can choose to focus on this side, ladies and gentlemen.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you. We may not stop this side, but we can focus on the glory and what part we play, right?
We're going to lay hands on the sick. We're going to see them recover.
Our job is to bring in the harvest. We can't get distracted with this side. This side is going to pull really hard in the days ahead.
I want you to hear me: this side, the dark side, is going to pull you really hard in the days ahead.
You're going to have to have a choice. You either focus on this side or this side, but they're both there. And what I see and all that the Lord said, don't.
It's going to pull you very hard to focus directly just on this side because it's always going to be in front of your face because of what you're looking at on your phone.
It's always presented in front of you instead of focusing on this.
This is going to distract you to pull you away from the glory.
Just remember what I'm telling you. It's going to come on like a waterfall.
I'm telling you, a waterfall is coming. A storm is coming. A major hurricane.
And everybody's going to be... and you'll remember what I told you.
Remember, mark it on your calendars when Brandon, the Holy Spirit told you.
Don't get distracted with this other side. It's coming and it's going to shake you and you're going to be like...
but it's your choice. It's that thin. It's that thin. Okay. I'll leave you with that tonight.
God bless you all. We love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.